Why are you applying for Financial Aid?

I’m a student from India keen to learn about Cyber Security,
especially Software Security.Since the quality of education 
in our college is not up to the mark, the only way to get a 
viable career option in the future for me is to take this course.
Since I am a student and our college does not permit part time job, 
I would not be able to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of 
this course. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse 
impact on my monthly essential needs. I am really excited for this course, 
since it presents me with a great opportunity to grow my skills and become 
a professional as I graduate in the same or prospective fields with a great resume. 
Coursera has been a great platform among my peers and following them I am very 
excited to take my first course here!



How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?

Cyber Security being a field in high demand, 
I want to complete the Software Security Course by University of Maryland, College Park. 
This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. 
It will help perform better in carrying out Cyber security and give me an edge over my competitors. 
A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. 
As written above, Coursera has been not only suggested by my student peers but also our 
college faculty , and so following their prestigious advice, I would be glad to gain more 
knowledge and hone my skills with this course.Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, 
which I think will supplement my learning. I also plan to grade assignments which are peer reviewed which 
I believe will be an invaluable learning opportunity.







Honestly, joining this esteemed organization will help me learn a lot. I would love to seek the guidance of experienced and learned teams that are already onboard. That way, I can become a better professional in the future. It is because i believe what matters at the end of the day, a strong foundation. And I feel joining this organization can not only help me improve myself but also can help me prove my skills by contributing to this organization. In turn, I can assure you utmost dedication from my side and all that I can do at my level for the betterment of this organization.
As a result of what we do, you will have better soft skills, personality and gain relevant experience that will make you more employable. As a bonus you get to be a youth leader and a member of a community of more than 1000 eatizens across the grow your network, grow your life. Apply to be an eatizen or part of eat my news now.
So it's a great opportunity to be a part of eat my news and this internship gives you a huge amount of experience and if you are selected and after completion of internship you will get a experience letter after that.
